So today we're going to work on a few
different things. I'm going to show you
how to set up your next 30 days worth of
social media content using your AI Twin
as well as creating a dynamic notebook
LM that is going to help you get a
little bit more specific with some of
that content. In addition to that, we're
going to do some Gmail automation to
help you know just kind of sift through
all the noise that we get in our
inboxes. So, the first things first, you
should already have your AI twin if you
come to any of the prior classes. If
not, there is a link that I'm dropping
in the comments right now where you can
go ahead and complete that form. I would
definitely recommend that you go ahead
and do that if you haven't already done
that. You can either do it right now and
take a few minutes or wait till we open
it up to some questions and answers. But
you're definitely going to want to have
that completed before you get into what
we're doing,